how were we YouTube but another video
and today we are I'm going to be showing
you they quick tutorial on how to make a
nerve grenade these are really simple to
make and a very easy to make now are you
going to need is no nerf balls obviously
but I'm sorry about that hands not being
doing darling work where you're going to
need these flat head wounds but that it
can be whisper wounds it don't really
matter but it needs to be flat head so I
can't have the bulb on of them what
you're going to do and you also need
loom bands so enjoy I think yes I
believe it yeah it's free loom bands
that you'll need I'll share somebody
else's eyelid um this design I really
don't know but hey this is why I've
fired come on boy Ryan been working
myself for a little while so yes just
get right into it they're going to need
for the first design you just need seven
of the of the Flathead one to draft
rubber balls can be any color really and
what you want to do is need to have
these it's it's level as possible and
going to take home loom band I'm gonna
stretch it out and you're going to snap
that put that onto there and you want to
scroll it up the schoolroom and off
until it's up the very very tip of the
orange fee so happens is when you turn
around it's off severed out like that
and then you're going to need to make a
safety pin so put on the loom band
through like that and then you take that
over end
and do it they're going to take the over
end and flip that straight through
something to do with loom ones and
they're going to just stick that through
and they've got so they should look like
that so was I saying
so you're going to get these and
obviously as you can see I'm done
don't put the loom band too high up on
as you can see it's going to explode
and also I first mentioned you're going
to put the the bullets in that formation
so I actually go and you're going to
just grab boom and stick up fire what
then you're going to take this one and
it's going to take the most Kilda band
and you're going to put that around this
here so that's the safety pin well not
pin white band and this works really
well quite well I say that and I'll show
you whenever and you can have a manning
voice before as you want
I mean I am I want to put every boy I
had an evil about this thing you were
quite quite when you watch out actually
so just like that really it's a quite
quite simple Mac and I'll explain how it
works and then I'm going to show you so
what's going to the hallway so we are
hearing hardware um are you going to
want to do to you the grenade let's pull
off and it should sever out just a
little bit like that and once again make
sure that flat and you have these buns
up here and like that I'm going to do
and as you can see else plays out and
how do you throw
it's going to explode more really yeah
so now I think I'll get on to showing
how it works
be right back so here is the nerf
grenade so as you can see it's through
no belts it's with the seven bullets
under the safety pin down here and the
rubber band up here so quite simply all
you do is when you pull this off this
rubber band up here is squeezing down
more and it's less leveled out so that's
going to feather like this but what
happens when you throw this like I'll
display on my hand when you throw it he
says and the opens up like that and I
don't know if you've ever done it blight
should put a rubber band on your knee
and then you often if you like it the
bun just runs off or what happens here
is you push it down they fit they would
one gets so close to the edge like pulls
together really quickly making all of
these don't go out diagonally in the
same direction so it's really really
basic design and that's Trimble's all
those to it now I am about to worms
youth and belissa including Bob natural
now I use this and I'll use my
triangular go ahead it's all the little
bigger but yeah let's get to it
and we are done here is the triangular
grenade it that is twelve boys right
there and you got left paid well bandit
you don't really change the size though
it's just quite a lot more strain it so
I guess I guess the only thing y'all do
is I'm making the boys Godfather which I
guess is quite good assuring to get
distance on them but yeah
that's the triangular one I'll just do
the same system everything said there's
six these down here are the six bullet
saves today we're gonna add and yeah so
I thought you should we do outside or in
the hallway mmm
we're going to outside I'll do out
laughs think distance it'll get so uh
yeah let's go
so here we are we are outside so that's
a pull the plug on NASA so throw the
safety pin out of there get close up and
let's try it
whoa don't look and serve try and find
all voice one two three four five six
out seven eight nine ten twelve yep
tough still got 12 though so yeah I
guess that's it for the today's video
guys and I hope you enjoyed it's a quick
way of making a nerf gun and I guess so
see you later